Voeg expliciete velden toe aan `info.contact` regel (#326)
Logius-standaarden/API-Design-Rules: sections/designRules.md

      </dd>
      <dt>How to test</dt>
      <dd>
         <ul>
            <li>Step 1. Parse the OpenAPI Description to confirm the <code>info.contact</code> object is present.

>             <li>Step 2. The <code>info.contact</code> MUST contain the fields <code>name</code>, <code>url</code> and <code>email</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <li>Step 2. Confirm <code>info.contact</code> contains the fields <code>name</code>, <code>url</code> and <code>email</code>.
```
